[None][infra] Update upgrade related docs for release 1.2 (#10760)
NVIDIA/TensorRT-LLM: docs/source/installation/linux.md

   Before the pre-built Python wheel can be installed via `pip`, a few
   prerequisites must be put into place:

   Install CUDA Toolkit 13.1 following the [CUDA Installation Guide for Linux](https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-installation-guide-linux/)
   and make sure `CUDA_HOME` environment variable is properly set.

   The `cuda-compat-13-1` package may be required depending on your system's NVIDIA GPU
   driver version. For additional information, refer to the [CUDA Forward Compatibility](https://docs.nvidia.com/deploy/cuda-compatibility/forward-compatibility.html).

   ```bash

>    # By default, PyTorch CUDA 13.0 package is installed. Since PyTorch CUDA 13.1 package to align with the CUDA version used for building TensorRT LLM wheels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   # By default, PyTorch CUDA 12.8 package is installed. Since PyTorch CUDA 13.0 package to align with the CUDA version used for building TensorRT LLM wheels.
```

The original statement is still correct.

   ```bash
   pip3 install --upgrade pip setuptools && pip3 install tensorrt_llm
   ```

   > **Note:** The TensorRT LLM wheel on PyPI is built with PyTorch 2.9.1. This version may be incompatible with the NVIDIA NGC PyTorch 25.12 container, which uses a more recent PyTorch build from the main branch. If you are using this container or a similar environment, please install the pre-built wheel located at `/app/tensorrt_llm` inside the TensorRT LLM NGC Release container instead.

   **This project will download and install additional third-party open source software projects. Review the license terms of these open source projects before use.**

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
